Update info about tickets (#1229)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/beginners-day.mdx

On **Saturday 19th July**, we'll be hosting a day to help introduce people to programming and its applications, which will feature three tracks running in parallel. The events are designed to welcome newcomers to the Python ecosystem, including a series of talks and panels by junior developers and two workshops designed to introduce complete beginners to web development and data science.

> EuroPython Beginners' Day is open to everyone, from high school students to late career changers. Entry is free for EuroPython ticket holders (any ticket type), and €5 otherwise. Tickets for the Beginners' Day will soon be available to be purchased through the [tickets page](https://ep2025.europython.eu/tickets/).

Author: ```suggestion
EuroPython Beginners' Day is open to everyone, from high school students to late career changers. Entry is free for EuroPython ticket holders (any ticket type), and €5 otherwise. Tickets for the Beginners' Day will soon be available to be purchased through our tickets page.
```
